README.md, before:

# Embedded Rust

The idea for this project is to create a simple project that slowly goes through the stages create an embedded project on Rust.

Follow through each chapter to see the progress of the project.

## Equipment

- Micro:bit v1 board
- USB cable

That's it!

## Chapters

### [Chapter 1 - Setup and tooling](chapter1/README.md)

### [Chapter 2 - Raw access to the controller](chapter2/README.md)

### [Chapter 3 - Using a Peripheral Access Controller (PAC)](chapter3/README.md)

## Useful links

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)
- [Rust embedded](https://rust-embedded.github.io/book/)
- Rust platform support [list](https://forge.rust-lang.org/platform-support.html)
- [Micro:bit](https://microbit.org/hardware/1-3-revision/)
- [Micro:bit schematics](https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/hardware/blob/master/V1.3B/SCH_BBC-Microbit_V1.3B.pdf]=)
- nRF51822 [datasheet](https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/pdf/nRF51822_PS_v3.4.pdf?cp=6_4_0_0)
- nRF51852 [reference manual](https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/pdf/nRF51_RM_v3.0.1.pdf)
- ARM Cortex-M0 [datasheet](https://developer.arm.com/Processors/Cortex-M4)

Commit message:

Updated README.md to acknowledge The Rust Bits

README.md, after:

# Embedded Rust

The idea for this project is to create a simple project that slowly goes through the stages create an embedded project on Rust.

Follow through each chapter to see the progress of the project.

This project was inspired by the awesome work of [The Rusty Bits](https://www.youtube.com/@therustybits) channel on YouTube.

## Equipment

- Micro:bit v1 board
- USB cable

That's it!

## Chapters

### [Chapter 1 - Setup and tooling](chapter1/README.md)

### [Chapter 2 - Raw access to the controller](chapter2/README.md)

### [Chapter 3 - Using a Peripheral Access Controller (PAC)](chapter3/README.md)

## Useful links

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)
- [Rust embedded](https://rust-embedded.github.io/book/)
- Rust platform support [list](https://forge.rust-lang.org/platform-support.html)
- [Micro:bit](https://microbit.org/hardware/1-3-revision/)
- [Micro:bit schematics](https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/hardware/blob/master/V1.3B/SCH_BBC-Microbit_V1.3B.pdf]=)
- nRF51822 [datasheet](https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/pdf/nRF51822_PS_v3.4.pdf?cp=6_4_0_0)
- nRF51852 [reference manual](https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/pdf/nRF51_RM_v3.0.1.pdf)
- ARM Cortex-M0 [datasheet](https://developer.arm.com/Processors/Cortex-M4)
